Welcome to Northgate Public Services NDS
=============================================================================== 
This is a convenience project used for building the components, it contains no code.

Getting Started
=============================================================================== 

To help you get started, try the following links:

Project Documentation site:
http://vm-nds-bld01:8008/bbis/index.html

NDS Briefing:
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1m8elx3EWtOxIgIu0Ewh9AiivO1Mw9bkeaS1nFzJF9Ug

Getting Started Guide:
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1rH_bLkyU6ldIz9yJJks38xdTHCFdtKEiLUhbejUlcSU

Development Standards
https://drive.google.com/open?id=16JHbHelBwE8IMtl-aiXMM2iIXqwcVzOsgSnLkObptg8

Licensing
=============================================================================== 

This software is licensed under the terms you may find in the file
named "LICENSE.txt" in this directory.

This distribution includes cryptographic software.  The country in
which you currently reside may have restrictions on the import,
possession, use, and/or re-export to another country, of
encryption software.  BEFORE using any encryption software, please
check your country's laws, regulations and policies concerning the
import, possession, or use, and re-export of encryption software, to
see if this is permitted.  See <http://www.wassenaar.org/> for more
information.

The U.S. Government Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and
Security (BIS), has classified this software as Export Commodity
Control Number (ECCN) 5D002.C.1, which includes information security
software using or performing cryptographic functions with asymmetric
algorithms.  The form and manner of this Apache Software Foundation
distribution makes it eligible for export under the License Exception
ENC Technology Software Unrestricted (TSU) exception (see the BIS
Export Administration Regulations, Section 740.13) for both object
code and source code.
